>> This is "Secret
Life of Symbols."
>> Today, we're gonna
talk about corporations.
The United States of
America no longer exists.
And the reason why
it doesn't exist,
we are now a corporation.
We're not a country.
And the reason why is
because many years ago, there
was something happened
here called the Civil War.
And the Civil War,
we're told, was
one of the bloodiest wars humans
have ever fought on the earth.
It was a very bloody war.
And so after it was
over, it was understood
that we are now, after
the war, many things,
but "united" was
not one of them.
One half of the country
was killing the other half,
and there's a lot of bad
feeling among Americans,
back and forth, between
North and South.
Well, it was decided, all
right, now let's do this.
Let's have a United
States Corporation.
We'll start a company.
We'll call it the United
States Corporation.
It will be a privately
run municipal corporation.
And we'll call it the
United States Corporation.
So therefore,
everyone who is here
will become a employee
of the corporation.
And if you're working
for this corporation,
when you're on duty,
you always usually
have some sort of an
identification tag,
showing that you're an
employee of the company.
As long as you are working
and you're making money,
then you are contributing to
the company, the corporation.
You're on the company
time, so to speak.
And so you are making
money, and therefore you're
paying out bills, and paying
out taxes and fines and fees
and all that.
And so you are securing
the corporation.
They need the money, and so
you're giving them the money.
You're making money,
giving it to them.
So you are a security.
Water is the basis for
our economics, period,
on the earth.
Because in the
ancient world, this
is going as far back as the
earliest times in the Roman
Empire, the powers that
be in the world then
realized that they started to
build their economic system
in the Roman Empire based
on the Phoenician Canaanite
system of commerce
in the Middle East,
because they knew
how to make money.
They knew how to control money.
So the ancient Romans understood
and finally figured out
that there should be
two laws on the earth.
The earth is two things.
The earth is water and land.
So there should be a law for the
water and a law for the land.
So today, we even have
terms that say, well,
that's the law of the land.
Why do you distinguish
it, law of the land?
Because there's another law
called the law of the sea
or the law of water.
So the law of the
land is the laws
that govern the
culture of people
on a particular spot of land.
And so when you go
to another country,
you should be aware that
there's a law of the land, which
means there's a custom.
You have to get used
to the way people live
and the way they do things.
There's another law that
supersedes that law, which
is far more important.
It's called the law of the sea.
And the law of the sea
is the law of water.
And the law of water is
simply banking, banks.
Banks are all over the world.
All banks operate the same.
They operate on water.
And so the bottom line
is, is that your commerce
is based on water.
All ships, airships, rocket
ships, sailing ships,
I don't care what it is.
If it's a ship, it's always
referred to as a female.
It's always "she."
The captains of any ship
will tell you, "Oh, she's
a good ship, and
she's seaworthy."
And oh, she's this
and she's that.
What do you mean "she"?
The reason why captains
call their ships "she"
is because "she"
delivers the product.
And the product is
usually based on water.
And when her water
breaks, there's a product.
And the product was
caused by the male--
man-ufacturing.
So He has manufactured,
and she is in labor,
building the product.
And so the product
is based on water,
because when her water
broke, the product comes out.
If you're gonna get married,
you have to have a license,
because getting married,
according to our laws today
under the corporation,
if you are
getting married you are an
employee whose first duty is
to the corporation.
And so therefore, you need
to work and pay your bills
and pay your taxes
and everything,
because you're a security
for the body social.
The body social, it
means the whole company.
When you retire, which
means you're going to bed,
you're going to sleep,
or you're going to quit,
you're going to retire,
you get social security.
No, no.
You are the security
for the body social.
And so they're going to give
you a few dollars to live on,
keep you alive.
Because if they don't, you're
going to get all very upset
you don't have any
money to live on,
and you're going to
cause more trouble.
Give him something to live on,
and get him outta here, right?
When a ship pulls
into port, because I
said all of our commerce
is done by water,
our biggest business
is shipping.
All over the world, shipping.
When a ship pulls
into harbor and parks
at what we call its
berth, it's a berth, where
they're berthing the ship.
B-E-R-T-H. And so any item that
was on that ship represents
money.
Therefore, every
time a television
or a car or anything,
whatever that item is
that's being brought here
from another country,
it's coming in on a ship, and
she is bringing in the product,
right?
She.
When the ship parks, it's
sitting in its berth.
And therefore every single
item coming off of that ship
has to have its own
certificate of manifest.
Why?
Because yesterday,
the ship wasn't here.
But this morning,
you come to work
and there's a ship here with
$800 million worth of Toyotas.
So it's manifested.
So you have to have a manifest.
And it's called a
"certificate of manifest,"
which goes with each
one of those products.
And on that manifest, it
tells you, is it a four door?
Is it two doors?
Does it have air conditioning?
What nationality is it?
How much did the baby weigh?
What color eyes does he have?
And does he have five fingers?
And is he African or what?
Does he have air conditioning?
So you are simply a
product, because you
are a product that has to have
its own certificate of birth.
So therefore you
have today something
called a birth certificate.
And it has to be
signed by the doc.
Because that's where that
ship is setting, at the dock.
And if you happen by chance
to have one of the cars
or one of the TVs drop off
in the ocean, that's OK.
There are insurances
that cover that.
But you have to have
a death certificate.
Why?
Because you're not just going
to lose a car, and the bank
is not going to
make money on that.
You lost a car?
Yeah, well, you
better go find it.
And if you can't
find it, then you
need to go through
the regulations
and sign a death certificate.
And that's why,
as I said, that's
why you have to have a license.
Because this is a corporation.
And you still, you know,
when we were a republic,
you could wear a gun
anytime you wanted.
And you could go into
town, and go into the bar.
And if you have a falling
out with a guy in the bar,
you can either settle
it like gentlemen,
or you can go out in
the street and duel.
And one of you is not
going home tonight, see.
Why?
Because it was a free country,
and individuals, men and women
and children, when this country
was founded, was said to be,
and it was understood,
that you are
a sovereign in this country.
That's why you could wear
a gun anytime you wanted.
Cowboys wear guns.
And then people, even
in the eastern states,
would wear guns.
Why?
Because you are as sovereign.
Under international
law, anyone born
in the United States
of America was
a sovereign, which means
you are a king or a queen.
And so the man was king of
his realm, king of his home.
And women were the queens.
A king and a queen to have
the privilege of declaring war
on anytime they please on
anyone one they please.
That's one of the nice
things about being a king.
You don't need to ask
anybody permission.
You wanna go out
and pick a fight?
Well, you better
have a gun with you.
It doesn't mean
you're going to win.
It doesn't mean you're
smart for doing that.
It just means you're armed, and
you're gonna face another guy,
and he's armed.
So you better figure out if
you can do this or not, right?
Now we understand that your
body is like 78% water.
And when you come out of
your mother, her water broke.
So therefore, everything we do
in commerce is based on water.
And that being the case,
it's based on shipping.
The idea is, don't rock the
boat when you're at work.
Don't rock the boat.
We run a tight ship here.
We don't wanna rock the boat.
And so are you with us, mate?
Yeah, come aboard
on the citizen-ship.
And so now you've got the
dealership, and sportsmanship,
and citizenship, and all of
the different kind of words
that end in "ship."
Why do you have banks?
Where do you find banks?
Banks are on both
sides of a river.
They're called river banks.
What does a river bank do?
It directs the flow
of the current-sea.
Money runs through
your hands like water.
No, money is water.
That's why when you put it into
a bank it's called current-sea.
Because it's a current.
It's an ebb and flow.
It comes in and goes out.
It's a flow of money.
And money is water.
Money is a cash
flow, a liquid asset.
There's a reason why everything
works the way it does.
In a corporation, let's say
you work for General Electric
or Ford Motor Company.
General Electric cannot make
a law like stamped in stone.
Whatever General
Electric does, they
don't have the
power to create law.
But they do have the
power, as a corporation,
to make their policy.
And so they will tell you,
look it, it's just our policy.
There's no damn law.
There's no law that
says it, but our policy
is for you to show up
at 7:00 in the morning.
That's just our policy.
And our policy says that you
take off at 11:30 for lunch.
And you go home at 4:00.
That's just our policy.
It's not written in
stone And God's law.
It's just our policy.
So today, you ask any
politician "what kind of law
do we have in this
country today,"
and they would tell you
it's called public policy.
It's a policy.
It's not law.
Who came up with that policy?
Well, we have policymakers.
Oh, really?
Policymakers?
Oh, OK.
Yeah, they're lawmakers.
They're the lawmakers.
They make the policy.
They don't make law.
They make a policy.
And that's just our policy that
you do this and you do that.
You go 65 on the
highway, and you do this.
You park there.
And these are all
just our policy.
And the police will see
to it you abide by it.
So that's where
the police come in.
Because back in the
John Wayne days,
in the cowboy and Indians,
there wasn't a police.
Why?
Because you have a Constitution.
You are a free man, and you can
do whatever you please to do.
But you take care of yourself.
There's no government checks.
There's no government anything.
You just take care of yourself.
And if you want to buy
a gun, buy 10 of 'em.
It doesn't matter.
Nobody cares.
You're free as an American.
But today, you're no
longer an American.
You are a US citizen.
US is a privately owned
company of corporations
called a municipal corporation.
It's a company.
Well, according to corporate
law, you have to have--
and this is in all
corporate law--
you've got to have a
president of the corporation.
That's just corporate law.
You've got to have a vice
president of the corporation,
and you've got to have
a secretary treasurer.
Because those three
guys are the main ones
that handle the money.
And since we are
giving you permission,
I'm giving you
permission, because I'm
playing the part of God, I
am the corporation, 1870.
But if I'm going to
give you the privilege,
then you can be a
corporation too.
But I gave you permission.
So I want 20% off the
top, you understand?
It's just business.
When we're talking about
the Federal Reserve,
first thing you
need to understand
is where is the
Federal Reserve's
corporate headquarters?
Because it's going to tell you
something when you find out.
Corporate headquarters
for the Internal Revenue
and the Federal Reserve
is in Puerto Rico, not
the United States Corporation.
And why is it in Puerto Rico?
Because Puerto Rico was
picked a long time ago,
over 1,000 years ago.
It was picked by the
pirates of the Caribbean.
That's why today Puerto Rico
houses the Federal Reserve
and the Internal Revenue.
It's because the
Federal Reserve is today
the pirates of the Caribbean.
When you begin to
see that this is
the whole setup and the Federal
Reserve and the Internal
Revenue, it's just piracy.
It's just the pirates
of the Caribbean.
And that's where they started.
So what was the symbol for
the pirates of the Caribbean?
Well, their flag
was a black flag
with a skull and crossbones.
And it was referred
to as the Jolly Roger.
Well, today the
skull and crossbones
are a very important symbol
used in world Freemasonry.
It's used on toxic and
poisonous medicines and things.
Skull and crossbones
basically meant death.
Well, that's what piracy
in the Caribbean was like.
It was a very dangerous
and deadly game,
where they were stealing
on the high seas.
And so when you're stealing
something on the high seas,
then you have to deal with
an admiral, Which gives us
our word "admiralty law."
Admiralty law is the
law of the high seas.
England, in order
to travel the world
and do what they did to
build their great empire,
were great seafaring peoples.
Their navies were next to none.
And so this is where the idea
that, even in England today,
they have such a
thing as an admiralty.
And so it gives birth
to an admiralty law,
which means giving birth
to a law based on water.
Why?
Because England were the masters
of the seas after the Spanish.
And so today it's
just interesting
that the Federal Reserve
and the Internal Revenue
are corporate headquarters
in the Caribbean.
Still today, ships will
carry their own flags
so that anyone else
on the sea will
see that ship with that flag
and understand who owns it,
and who's controlling that ship.
Well, there developed an idea a
long time ago among the pirates
to fool their victims.
And they would put up a flag
of a country that was friendly
with, I guess, the
other ships coming.
And so the other ships would
not think anything about it
until they got close
enough to attack them.
Then they would send
up their Jolly Roger,
the flag that
represents the pirates.
And then the people on the other
ship know they're so close now,
they thought it was
a friendly ship.
Now they find out it
was a pirate ship.
And so that's where we get the
concept today of a false flag.
And my goodness, there are false
flags everywhere in the world
that we live today.
So many people think that
if you trust them, country,
or trust somebody to
do something for you,
and he's got a friend.
And then one day you find
out they're not your friend.
They've never been your friend.
Then we see the idea
of a false flag.
They were putting
up the false colors.
We even say that
kind of thing today.
Wow, I didn't-- I was
with so-and-so last night,
and he showed his true colors.
True colors?
What do you mean, a false flag?
Yeah.
Because he's always been nice.
He's always been courteous,
and last night he was horrible.
So now he's showing
his true colors.
So that tells me he's been
putting up a false flag
all this time.
Now we know who he really
is, or how he really thinks.
I would say first of
all, it's not federal,
and it's not a reserve.
Because it isn't.
It has no reserves.
They just print money.
And they don't
really print money.
They print what they call
a Federal Reserve note.
And it says on the
Federal Reserve note,
it says "This note is
legal tender for privates,
public and private."
And then it used to
also say that you
could take this to the bank
and turn it in for real money.
That's what it
said on the bills.
50 to 100 years ago, it
would say on the bill,
you can take this to the bank
and turn it in for real money.
So right off the bat,
they're telling you
that this is not money.
It represents money.
But it's not money.
And so you don't have to
go around with gold coins
buying everything.
Just take the dollar bills
that represents the gold coin.
But the problem
is, the government
in the founding of this
country, the Constitution
doesn't say that it's
all right to have
paper that represents money.
No.
Money is gold and
silver, period.
End of the day, that's it.
It's either silver or
gold, or it's not money.
And so if you're gonna print
paper and incidentally,
in California, the 1848
California Constitution,
there's two of them.
1848 and I think
the other was 1869.
But the 1848 original
Constitution of California
expressly says,
"no banking can be
done within the
state of California."
California will not
allow any banks to exist
in the state of California.
Period.
You can have private
corporations who
will deal within
themselves, but no bank
can operate within the
state of California.
Then later on, they
had a civil war.
And after the Civil War, well,
things changed a little bit.
So now you can have
a bank in California.
So of many of our wars
are actually economic.
The Federal Reserve, I think it
was established back in 1913.
The way it was established was
that the bankers in America,
who were not actually American.
They were living in America,
but they were actually
British-backed bankers, JP
Morgan, bankers like that,
who actually came from
Europe and from England.
They got together and they
decided to put together a trick
and to see if it would work.
And so they got together
on a private island
off of the coast of Georgia.
And I'm not an
authority on this,
but it's well known that these
men met on this island called
Jekyll Island.
Why would it be called Jekyll,
like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
It's because these
bankers were not
interested in
protecting America.
They were interested in
buying off everything
in America for their
British masters.
And so they came up
with an idea that we
will produce paper money,
which represents money.
And if we can get that
across through the Congress
and the Senate
agrees to that, then
we will also add
a little something
we forgot to tell you.
It is called fractional banking.
Fractional banking
means every dollar
we publish, that we give
to you, that dollar,
you can multiply it
by 10, by 9 or 10.
So when somebody puts $1
into the bank on deposit,
the bank can then say
that that deposit was $10.
Well, if you put it in 100, the
bank can say on their records
that you put 1,000 in.
But if you put $1
million in, the bank
now says that you
put $10 million in.
And that's how America
has become so powerful
around the world, because
no matter how much money we
actually-- no matter how
many Federal Reserve notes we
how, there may be
millions in the bank,
but you can multiply it by 10.
And so therefore, my
goodness, then you
can multiply that later by 10.
And now you've
got a country that
has a massive amount of money.
If you put, say $10
in the bank, the bank
is allowed to loan out
to other people 100.
Because if you multiply anything
that comes into the bank,
they can multiply it by 10.
It's called
"fractional banking."
It's pretty well
known that there
is an organization in the world
today called the Roundtable
Group.
And the idea of this
Roundtable Group
is a roundtable of the big
bankers, the big shots that
run the British Empire.
And they come together together,
and they sit at a round table.
The why, why they are required
to sit at a round table?
Because the idea is, not one
of them is the boss of bosses.
It's a group, and they're
all equal around the table.
But they are all bankers.
And they are all working
for the same cause.
And so ultimately, people
don't realize that all
around the world,
especially in America,
you're buying things
and purchasing things.
And so in 1902, these
bankers, these London bankers,
they met in 1902.
And the idea was
that they were going
to, slowly but surely,
infiltrate into the United
States's business and
ultimately get the United
States of America into debt,
and so that they will ultimately
be able to own the United
States of America for England.
We have our documented evidence
that the Federal Reserve
is a part of that plan to
actually take over America,
and do it in such a way
as to get America involved
in business, so that
eventually the British banking
cartels around the
world will ultimately
own the corporation
called the United States.
And so that's what
happened today.
We are now under the authority
of the British government,
in point of fact.
Under this system of
the Federal Reserve,
we've had-- it was supposed
to be, what we were told
is that the Federal Reserve was
being put together to protect
the fluctuation in business.
Sometimes, we make money.
Sometimes, we're broke.
But to make sure that we always
have a nice even flow of money,
we need someone to control that.
And so once they
bought into that idea
and accepted the
Federal Reserve,
now you've had two
world wars, and God
knows how many wars
are going on each day
that the Federal
Reserve is financing?
The military is
around the world.
And the more you
finance the military,
the bigger the wars get, and
now they're all over the world.
And so we see that, as any
normal big fight, any prize
fight, you've got to
have a fight promoter.
And this person who's
the fight promoter
is going to put up the
money for the fight,
and finance the event, and pay
all the bills for everybody.
But he is the fight promoter.
Why?
He's spending
millions of dollars.
But he is spending
millions because he's
going to make multiple
millions on the fight.
So we have today the Federal
Reserve, and the Internal
Revenue, and the
secret government
that's operating out of London.
And ultimately, they
are the fight promoters.
They're causing the wars
all around the world.
And the United States'
citizens and people
are getting involved
in these wars,
never realizing these
wars are being financed
to have a fight, period.
They're called fight promoters.
I'm Jordan Maxwell, and
thank you for watching.